my name is scarlet mallow and I am a
student in urban archaeology
[Music]
370 feet beneath this point is a hidden
chamber that might contain a critical
missing piece of our history the clues
are encoded somehow in these arcane
symbols sir I need to gather look
stylish and know oh yeah this goes one
okay that's pretty cool we have to get
down there how are we supposed to get
370 feet into the earth catacombs
there are 200 miles of tunnels right
underneath our feet holding the remains
of six million corpses
don't this the Empire
these are human bones let's do it okay
setting up
[Music]
do we do now huh we can't go back
just keep moving nobody this is this
corridor people who go in this tunnel
don't come out there's no other option
tell me we didn't just go in a circle
it's exactly the same yeah everything
except what happened to the entrance
wait there's something
Oh
how is this when I was a kid being a
piano that looked exactly like this I
used to play it all the time the a4 key
was up
[Music]
can you read that according to mythology
that's the inscription over the gates
how the is wrong with her max are
you okay
[Music]
somebody
[Applause]
[Music]
this place knows our past
that's jump what so we'll die on